# Project Euler

<details markdown="block">
<summary>0001 - Multiples of 3 and 5</summary>

## Multiples of 3 and 5
If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23.  
Find the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1000.

</details>
<details markdown="block">
<summary>0002 - Even Fibonacci numbers</summary>

## Even Fibonacci numbers
Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be:

1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, ...

By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed four million, find the sum of the even-valued terms.
</details>
<details markdown="block">
<summary>0006 - Sum square difference</summary>

## Sum square difference
The sum of the squares of the first ten natural numbers is 1² + 2² + ... + 10² = 385.

The square of the sum of the first ten natural numbers is (1 + 2 + ... + 10)² = 55² = 3025.

Hence the difference between the sum of the squares of the first ten natural numbers and the square of the sum is 3025 - 385 = 2640.

Find the difference between the sum of the squares of the first one hundred natural numbers and the square of the sum.
</details>

## More about this project

### Related website
[PROJECT EULER](https://projecteuler.net/)

### Description of the project by PROJECT EULER

#### What is Project Euler?

Project Euler is a series of challenging mathematical/computer programming problems that will require more than just mathematical insights to solve. Although mathematics will help you arrive at elegant and efficient methods, the use of a computer and programming skills will be required to solve most problems.

The motivation for starting Project Euler, and its continuation, is to provide a platform for the inquiring mind to delve into unfamiliar areas and learn new concepts in a fun and recreational context.

#### Who are the problems aimed at?

The intended audience include students for whom the basic curriculum is not feeding their hunger to learn, adults whose background was not primarily mathematics but had an interest in things mathematical, and professionals who want to keep their problem solving and mathematics on the cutting edge.

#### Can anyone solve the problems?

The problems range in difficulty and for many the experience is inductive chain learning. That is, by solving one problem it will expose you to a new concept that allows you to undertake a previously inaccessible problem. So the determined participant will slowly but surely work his/her way through every problem.

### Technologies | Libraries | Frameworks | Tools  
- Java | [*Checkout on Java branch~*](https://github.com/Dyrits/PROJECT-EULER/tree/Java)
- JavaScript
- Python | [*Checkout on Python branch~*](https://github.com/Dyrits/PROJECT-EULER/tree/Python)

### Status
In progress

#### Last update
17/09/2020 (README | 17/09/2020)
